what do you guys think I finally got my
monitor back from a friend of mine that
was borrowing it and now I've got the
double setup it's been a lazy Sunday we
were supposed to go to the beach but as
it turns out there is entirely too much
to do here at home without doing laundry
and shopping and all kinds of other
stuff and wave at the neighbors good
times so we had to cigarette but we
didn't have to we decided to stick
around and get all this stuff out of the
way so that next weekend we can have a
crazy party everyday and all the time 24
hours a day
crazy party every day and all the time
there's Jen oh did I tell you guys the
gym did my hair today differently what
do you guys think well don't judge
though because it kind of dry it a
little bit but we're gonna see if we
can't find something that keeps it more
like wet looking pompey you open your
door and what do you see one lone
flip-flop it's like a meat hunted by the
lone flip-flop monster so we're driving
along and I'm getting all angry at
people that are driving like but and
then I'm like look at this person here
look at this guy what is he doing he's
driving and Jen's like it's a guy or a
girl it was a girl even Jen knows that
girls are bad drivers I'm not the best
driver you should probably get back in
the kitchen I would be in the kitchen
probably be in the kitchen if my car had
a kitchen in it ooh
Touche man you looked great on video
right now because the son
keep combing me this oh yeah yeah what
should i watch that dumb you saying
ok ladies and gentlemen try to look tan
like Sunkist is it just my sunglasses
I hope probably look great but the other
day we were in uncut hash browns
tinychat hers uncut hash browns it's we
were in Joey uncut hat from his live
show on blogtv hi hats problem oh that's
what it was I was way off let's hit them
here
cool apparently we were doing whatever
times said and he was talking about
their type line but when I was in high
school I used to love my listen to like
all their CDs all the time so then right
now we're in the car and some more
really awesome music from high school
started playing it was like Everclear
and sublime and most the other one I
don't remember it was like three seconds
ago it was our Lady peace so our ladies
who loves that I do I love all of that
so after many a times of going shopping
with Jen and being tortured by sitting
through dresses and purses and shoes I'm
taking her somewhere that's a man store
the computer store I guess this isn't
really a man's throws like a nerd store
this doesn't look like CompUSA fell
bathing suits now jeez Louise how did
this even happen something wrong with
this what does that even mean any baby
that we have is going to listen to
whales to policy
because Jen's gonna make that noise when
she's pregnant with it I'm gonna freak
it out there's a guy in an Ed Hardy
shirt back there that's really angry
that Justin Bieber wrote a book but I
don't think Justin Bieber wrote a book I
think there's just a book about Justin
Bieber does that make sense so you guys
having a good time in the men's
underwear section of Target yeah I know
that I am that's right he was once more
expensive than this extra-large this boy
winter is now officially over because
there are bats flying around that's okay
I'll do it right now I'll just turn this
into me all day not being me Oh being
mean to me no all right guys who's ready
for my haul from Target the first thing
that I got was best value socks because
I need new socks because all of mine
have holes in them and I just figured
hey the package the package says that
these are the best value so I would only
assume that they are the best value and
plus they were on clearance which makes
the best value even better and the next
thing that I got is my target haul was
the bag that they put my socks in at the
checkout counter because I only bought
socks at Target we did you order CompUSA
because I had to get a special adapter
that hooked this monitor up to this but
they didn't have it in stock we could
have gotten it from the Apple store at
the mall but this copy USA had it for
like six dollars cheaper so we took it
from CompUSA and they're gonna send it
to our house and this way I'm gonna use
it for the tiny Chad on Tuesdays and
still be able to edit and be in the tiny
shed at the same time without taking up
so much screen nice right tiny chat
Tuesday's 9:00 p.m. my time I'm
reminding you now because I'll probably
forget tomorrow nothing like a Sunday
evening with some Ghost Adventures and
the most marvelous Italian feast that
Jen has cooked for us look at this she
cooked every last bit of this I kept
trying to help and she's like
I would have screwed it up somehow so
can thank you real quick question for
you guys I know that I asked you guys a
lot of questions but I like the
interaction have you guys ever come up
with an idea that you are just thinking
of and you're like wait a second why
hasn't anybody ever thought of this
before it's so simple it's so ingenious
it is probably already been thought of
and somebody had some sort of failure
with it because why wouldn't you have
that this happen all those moments it's
actually so good that I'm not gonna tell
you what the idea was because if you
guys are technologically advanced in any
way shape or form you will steal the set
idea from me and I'd like to make the
millions off of it not you not trying to
be greedy or anything but it was my idea
so I'll see you guys tomorrow and now
it's time to pay the price